# Release v1.3.0-next.2

## @backstage/plugin-scaffolder@1.3.0-next.2

### Minor Changes

- dc39366bdb: - Added a new page under `/create/tasks` to show tasks that have been run by the Scaffolder.
  - Ability to filter these tasks by the signed in user, and all tasks.
  - Added optional method to the `ScaffolderApi` interface called `listTasks` to get tasks with an required `filterByOwnership` parameter.

### Patch Changes

- ac0c7e45ee: Fixes review mask in `MultistepJsonForm` to work as documented. `show: true` no longer needed when mask is set.

## @backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend@1.3.0-next.2

### Minor Changes

- ce0d8d7eb1: Fixed a bug in `publish:github` action that didn't permit to add users as collaborators.
  This fix required changing the way parameters are passed to the action.
  In order to add a team as collaborator, now you must use the `team` field instead of `username`.
  In order to add a user as collaborator, you must use the `user` field.

  It's still possible to use the field `username` but is deprecated in favor of `team`.

  ```yaml
  - id: publish
    name: Publish
    action: publish:github
    input:
      repoUrl: ...
      collaborators:
        - access: ...
          team: my_team
        - access: ...
          user: my_username
  ```

- 582003a059: - Added an optional `list` method on the `TaskBroker` and `TaskStore` interface to list tasks by an optional `userEntityRef`
  - Implemented a `list` method on the `DatabaseTaskStore` class to list tasks by an optional `userEntityRef`
  - Added a route under `/v2/tasks` to list tasks by a `userEntityRef` using the `createdBy` query parameter

## @backstage/create-app@0.4.28-next.2

### Patch Changes

- aaf7652084: Bump version of `cypress` in newly scaffolded Backstage Applications. To apply this change to your own instance, please make the following change to `packages/app/package.json` under `devDependencies`.

  ```diff
  -   "cypress": "^7.3.0",
  +   "cypress": "^9.7.0",
  ```
